just get comfortable Piper's comedy club
burbank california show starts 930 p.m.
it's in the you who room we've got the
likes of elliott morgan Mike Falzone
doing stand-up comedy for the first time
this week and honestly say that but I
can promise you that we will be there
trying to bring the funk you guys have a
new show coming out this week gonna be
called undercover cops where I go
undercover as an undercover cop it's a
double faked out it's a guy who's not a
cop but pretending to be a guy that's a
cop that's pretending to be not a cop
you guys have a new show coming out this
week called the flavor it exists I go
into flavor dispensary labs where they
create different types of serial flavors
and I just tear that shit apart and then
all the all the food in the world has no
taste left I'm in a new show it's called
The Vampire Diaries actually that made
me smile a little bit you guys I have a
new show coming out it's called the vase
case just a bunch of different mystery
surrounding basis is it gold maybe it's
missing maybe there's an urn there's a
body within the vase week to figure out
whose it is CBF just picked it up just
got canceled what a shame there's a real
rough rough go of it we lost a lot of
good men working on that show you guys
have a new show coming out this week
it's called until we meet again where I
meet someone and then we go about the
rest of our lives and then there's not
another episode until if on the off
chance we might meet again and then i
have to call up a producer it's like
you're the cameras a minute of a game
you guys have a new show coming out this
week it's called The Glass Menagerie
about a guy who thinks that a menagerie
is a mispronunciation of the word menage
tois and is walking around very
uncomfortable for the first two-thirds
of it before someone explains it to them
you guys I have a new show coming out
it's called lend me your ears and it's
the story about a deaf man who's able to
see sound through special glasses you
guys I have a new show this thursday may
7th i'm doing stand-up comedy with
elliott morgan and mike
thursday flappers and burbank at
nine-thirty p.m. pretty sure it's all
ages but I'm going to double check and
correct me and text if I'm wrong didn't
do much pre work for this if you can't
tell ooh I just tweaked my neck maybe I
shouldn't say that how the hell did that
happen you guys im a new neck coming out
it's called why did that just happen
catch me on my new neck only on next
time only at bedtime right here on the
Ross Everett come to the show I'll see
you there give you so many hugs so many
kisses probably not kisses but i'll give
you guys some hugs all right I'll see
you there